Yes, yes, Your Majesty, I have been waiting for a long time
Don't give a shit
Bring it up
Reply to Huangerchen
Did you not prepare a hundred flowers?
Not ready.
Why? Because
Because for the emperor
Because the flowers for making Baihua Brew were picked by Wang Xun
Is this a big estimate for you?
How dare you pick the flowers for making Hundred Flower Brew
Somebody drag him down
Kill on the spot
Don't panic, Wang Xun didn't do it on purpose
And he has prepared other gifts for you.
Hahahaha
All of us here have seen it.
You came empty-handed.
How to give gifts
Emperor's birthday
Came empty-handed
This is a great disrespect to the emperor
Ask the emperor to kill him on the spot
Wang Xun, what about the gift you prepared?
Hurry up and get it
Is a princess
The emperor's gift for you is at the door
I'll pick it up for you now.
Your Majesty, this is the gift I have prepared for you